Welcome back to this challenge portion of the section.
Please open the starter project by checking out the path shown here.
If you were able to successfully complete the Java Gram workbooks from earlier, this challenge should
be a breeze.
You can see here we have a form where a user can choose a category name, choose a discount or price.
And what we want to do is actually have error alerts show up for validations.
Essentially, if the date happens to be in the future, if the discount is greater than the price,
you'll display these error messages.
As always, the instructions are learn the part, click the link in the resources and we'll see you
in the next lecture.